61785: Remove mention of pool column in Storage > Disks section (#760)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/storage.rst

To view all of the disks recognized by the %brand% system, use
:menuselection:`Storage --> Disks`. As seen in the example in
:numref:`Figure %s <viewing_disks_fig>`, each disk entry displays its
device name, serial number, size, advanced power

> management settings, acoustic level settings, and if :ref:`S.M.A.R.T.`

Reviewer: s/if/whether/

> testing is enabled. Click :guilabel:`COLUMNS` to adjust the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tests are enabled. Click :guilabel:`COLUMNS` to adjust the table.
```

To view all of the disks recognized by the %brand% system, use
:menuselection:`Storage --> Disks`. As seen in the example in
:numref:`Figure %s <viewing_disks_fig>`, the current
configuration of each disk is displayed. This table is adjustable

> by setting the different column checkboxes above it. Set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by setting the column checkboxes above it. Click
```
